Shell Hello World (#753)
knative/docs: serving/samples/helloworld-shell/README.md

# Hello World - Shell sample

A simple web app that executes a shell script.
The shell script reads an env variable `TARGET` and prints `Hello ${TARGET}!`.

> If `TARGET` is not specified, it will use `World` as the `TARGET`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the `TARGET` environment variable is not specified, the script uses `World`.
```

## Prerequisites

- A Kubernetes cluster with Knative installed. Follow the
  [installation instructions](https://github.com/knative/docs/blob/master/install/README.md)
  if you need to create one.
- [Docker](https://www.docker.com) installed and running on your local machine,
  and a Docker Hub account configured (we'll use it for a container registry).

## Recreating the sample code

While you can clone all of the code from this directory, hello world apps are
generally more useful if you build them step-by-step. The following instructions
recreate the source files from this folder.

1. Create a new file named `script.sh` and paste the following script:

    ```sh
    #!/bin/sh
    echo Hello ${TARGET:=World}
    ```

1. Create a new file named `invoke.go` and paste the following code.
   We use a basic web server written in Go to execute the shell script:

    ```go
    package main

    import (
        "fmt"
        "log"
        "net/http"
        "os"
        "os/exec"
    )

    func handler(w http.ResponseWriter, r *http.Request) {

>         cmd := exec.Command("/bin/sh", "script.sh")

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
cmd := exec.CommandContext(r.Context(), "/bin/sh", "script.sh")
```

    spec:
        runLatest:
        configuration:
            revisionTemplate:
            spec:
                container:
                image: docker.io/{username}/helloworld-shell
                env:
                    - name: TARGET
                    value: "Shell"
    ```

## Building and deploying the sample

Once you have recreated the sample code files (or used the files in the sample
folder) you're ready to build and deploy the sample app.

1. Use Docker to build the sample code into a container. To build and push with
   Docker Hub, run these commands replacing `{username}` with your Docker Hub
   username:

   ```shell
   # Build the container on your local machine
   docker build -t {username}/helloworld-shell .

   # Push the container to docker registry
   docker push {username}/helloworld-shell
   ```

1. After the build has completed and the container is pushed to docker hub, you
   can deploy the app into your cluster. Ensure that the container image value
   in `service.yaml` matches the container you built in the previous step. Apply
   the configuration using `kubectl`:

   ```shell
   kubectl apply --filename service.yaml
   ```

> 1. Now that your service is created, Knative will perform the following steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Now that your service is created, Knative performs the following steps:
```
